Newsgroups: perl.modules
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.modules:12016
Return-Path: <chiefdanetete@rediffmail.com>
Mailing-List: contact modules-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 8847 invoked by uid 76); 7 Jun 2002 05:29:48 -0000
Received: from [64.86.155.165] (HELO rediffmail.com) (64.86.155.165)
  by onion.perl.org (qpsmtpd/0.07b) with SMTP; Fri Jun  7 05:29:48 2002 -0000
To: <modules@perl.org>
Subject: COMPLIMENTS
Sender: "MR  DAN ETETE" <chiefdanetete@rediffmail.com>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="ISO-8859-1"
Date: Fri, 7 Jun 2002 06:34:01 -0700
Reply-To: "MR  DAN ETETE" <chiefdanetete@rediffmail.com>
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: chiefdanetete@rediffmail.com ("MR  DAN ETETE")
Message-ID: <perl.modules-12016@nntp.perl.org>

ATTENTION:Director/CEO

I am Dr. Dan Etete, a former minister of petroleum to the late Head of
State of Federal Republic of Nigeria General Sani Abacha.  Because of my
strategic position in the former Goverment, and also being a close
confidant of the Head of State, I was able to acquire
personally, the sum of $45,000,000.00USD (Forty five Million United States
Dollars) presently lodged in Union bank of Nigeria plc. 

I made this money largely through “CONSULTANCY FEE” and Good Faith Fees”
paid by foreign oil companies prior to Allocation of Deep Water Oil Blocks
and other Lifting/prospecting Right. Nigeria is the 6th largest
Producer/Exporter of Crude Petroleum in the World.
As you are probably aware Nigeria is prone to  Political/Economic
Instability, hyper Inflation, and among other problems, I have therefore
resolved to invest my money abroad, preferable in Real Estate Properties
and Importation of Goods for safety and optimum returns on Investments. 

However, straight transfer of this money into a bank abroad will present
two major problems. 1, the tax incidence will be too high, as much as 60%
of this money will go up in Taxes, Levies, Penalties etc. 2,As an Ex
sevice man in a former military government on which the present democratic
government of Chief
Olusegun Obasanjo is fighting very hard to freeze the accounts of the men
that serve in the government of General Abacha. So as a result of
Government deliberate restrictions on flight of capital Abroad. 

The solution is to Courier this money  in cash abroad, through Courier
Service Company here in Nigeria in conjuction with an embassy here in
Nigeria, the money will be packed in a Diplomatic Bag or Carton tagged
Diplomatic lauggage which will be address to you. This system is secret
and the money is therefore Intraceable. It is the system used by most top
Government officials in Nigeria to remove their 
fortunes to safety abroad. 

I have therefore concluded every arrangement with 
a Courier Company in Nigeria to Courier this money abroad using the
courtesy  and safety of Diplomatic Bag. All I now need is a honest partner
and God fearing fellow who can receive the money on my 
behalf and help me to invest as aforementioned. There is absolutely no
riskn involved in this transaction as the money will be delivered to you
in United States Dollars Bills. If you are intrested in assisting me,
please send to me by email immediately your preferred contact address
where this money will be delivered to you, upon delivery, you are to lodge
this money in a bank account and contact me for necessary arrangements for
the investment. For your help and assistance in 
this deal, you will receive 20% of this money in cash, while you keep the
remaining 80% for me till my arrival to your country.

Finally, if you are willing to assist me, you are to please urgently email
your personal phone and fax numbers for  easy communication. Your contact
address is also required so that i can use it to process
the documents for delivery destination. All these are urgently needed
before we can go to other necessary details.


Expecting to hear from you.

Best regards,

Dr. Dan Etete.

