Newsgroups: perl.modules
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.modules:12262
Return-Path: <paullondon0@mailcity.com>
Mailing-List: contact modules-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 53320 invoked by uid 76); 19 Jun 2002 14:40:42 -0000
Received: from node-c-3d3f.a2000.nl (HELO perlmail.valueclick.com) (62.194.61.63)
  by onion.perl.org (qpsmtpd/0.07b) with SMTP; Wed Jun 19 14:40:42 2002 -0000
Date: Wed, 19 Jun 2002 16:38:04
To: modules@perl.org
Subject: urgent response is needed
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: paullondon0@mailcity.com ("JOSEPH EDWARD")
Message-ID: <perl.modules-12262@nntp.perl.org>

STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL & URGENT.

I am Mr, Joseph Edward a native of Cape Town in
South Africa and I am an Executive Accountant with
the South Africa  DEPARTMENT OF MINERAL RESOURCES AND ENERGY 

First and foremost, I apologized using this medium to
reach you for a transaction/business of this
magnitude, but this is due to
Confidentiality and prompt access reposed on this
medium. 

I have decided to seek a confidential
co-operation with you in the execution of the deal
described Hereunder for the benefit of all parties
and hope you will keep it as a top secret because of the nature of this transaction.

Within the Department of Mining & Natural Resources
where I work as an Executive Accountant and with the
cooperation of four other top officials, we have in
our possession as overdue payment bills totaling
Twenty - One Million, Five Hundred Thousand U. S.
Dollars ($21,500,000.) which we want to transfer
abroad with the assistance and cooperation of a
foreign company/individual to receive the said fund
on
our behalf or a reliable foreign non-company account
to receive such funds. More so, we are handicapped in
the circumstances, as the South Africa Civil Service
Code of Conduct does not allow us to operate offshore
account hence your importance in the whole
transaction.
This amount $21.5m represents the balance of the
total contract value executed on behalf of my Department by a foreign contracting firm, which we the officials over-invoiced deliberately. Though the actual
contract cost have been paid to the original contractor,leaving the balance in the Tune of the said amount which we have in principles gotten approval to remit by Key tested Telegraphic Transfer (K.T.T) to any
foreign bank account you will provide by filing in an
application through the Justice Ministry here in
South Africa for the transfer of rights and privileges of the former contractor to you.

I have the authority of my partners involved to
propose that should you be willing to assist us in
the transaction, your share of the sum will be 25% of the $21.5 million, 70% for us and 5% for taxation and
miscellaneous expenses. The business itself is 100%
safe, on your part provided you treat it with utmost
secrecy and confidentiality. Also your area of
specialization is not a hindrance to the successful
execution of this transaction. I have reposed my
confidence in you and hope that you will not
disappoint me. Endeavor to contact me immediately my
e-mail address  whether or not you are
interested in this deal. If you are not, it will enable me scout for another foreign partner to carry out this deal I want to assure you that my partners and myself are in a position to make the payment of this claim possible provided you can give us a very strong Assurance and guarantee that our share will be secured and please remember to treat this matter as very confidential matter, because we will not comprehend with any form of exposure as we are still in active Government Service and remember once again that time is of the essence in this business.
I wait in anticipation of your fullest co-operation.

Yours faithfully,


JOSEPH EDWARD


NOTE:YOUR RESPONSE TO THIS MAIL SHOULD BE SENT TO je88@email.com

