Newsgroups: perl.modules
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.modules:12299
Return-Path: <ayopatrick@yahoo.co.uk>
Mailing-List: contact modules-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 69608 invoked by uid 76); 21 Jun 2002 21:52:58 -0000
Received: from [64.86.155.148] (HELO yahoo.co.uk) (64.86.155.148)
  by onion.perl.org (qpsmtpd/0.07b) with SMTP; Fri Jun 21 21:52:58 2002 -0000
To: <modules@perl.org>
Subject: TREAT URGENTLY
Sender: "DR AYO PATRICK" <ayopatrick@yahoo.co.uk>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="ISO-8859-1"
Date: Fri, 21 Jun 2002 23:50:15 -0700
Reply-To: "DR AYO PATRICK" <ayopatrick@mail.com>
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: ayopatrick@yahoo.co.uk ("DR AYO PATRICK")
Message-ID: <perl.modules-12299@nntp.perl.org>


FEDERAL MINISTRY OF WORKS AND HOUSING 
FEDERAL SECRETARIAT OFFICE COMPLEX 
FALOMO, IKOYI - LAGOS. 


Dear Sir ,
 

First, I must solicit  your strictest confidence in
this transaction, this 
is by  virtue of it's nature as being utterly
confidential and top secret as 
you were introduced to us in confidence through the
Nigerian Chamber of 
Commerce, foreign trade division. 

We are top officials from the Federal Ministry of
Works and 
Housing,(FMWH),Federal Ministry of Finance and the
Presidency, making up the 
Contract Review Panel (CRP) set up by the Federal
Government of Nigeria to 
review contracts awarded by the past military
administration. 

In the course of our work on the CRP, we discovered
this fund which resulted 
from grossly over-invoiced contracts  which were
executed for theFMW&H 
during the last administration. The companies that
executed the contracts 
have been duly paid and the contracts commissioned
leaving the sum of 
US$24.4 Million floating in the escrow account of the
Central Bank of 
Nigeria ready for payment. 

I have therefore been mandated as a matter of trust by
my colleagues in the 
panel to look for an overseas partner to whom we could
transfer the sum of 
US$24.4M legally subcontracting the entitlement to
your company. This is 
bearing in mind that our civil service code of conduct
forbids us from 
owning  foreign company or running  foreign account
while in government 
service hence the need for an overseas partner. 

We have agreed that the funds will be shared thus
after it has been paid 
into your account: 

(1) 30% of the money will go to you for acting as the
beneficiary of the 
fund. 
(2) 10% has been set aside as an abstract projection
for reimbursment to 
both parties for incidental expences that may be
incurred in the course of 
the transaction. 
(3) 60% to us the government officials (with which we
wish to commence an 
importation business in conjunction with you ). 

All logistics are in place and all modalities worked
out for the smooth 
conclusion of the transaction  within ten to fourteen
days of commencement 
after receipt of the following information:  Your
company name, address, 
company's details & activities, telephone & fax
numbers. 

These information will enable us make the applications
and lodge claims to 
the concerned ministries & agencies in favour of your
company and it is 
pertinent to state here that this transaction is
entirely  based on trust as 
the solar bank draft or certified cheque drawable in
any of the Central Bank 
of Nigeria correspondent bankers around the world is
going to be made in 
your name. 

Please acknowledge the receipt of this letter by
sending me an e-mail. 
Yours faithfully, 

DR AYO PATRICK


