Newsgroups: perl.modules
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.modules:12379
Return-Path: <adamu_bayo@eudoramail.com>
Mailing-List: contact modules-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 8192 invoked by uid 76); 28 Jun 2002 02:10:11 -0000
Received: from [64.86.155.135] (HELO perlmail.valueclick.com) (64.86.155.135)
  by onion.perl.org (qpsmtpd/0.07b) with SMTP; Fri Jun 28 02:10:11 2002 -0000
Date: Fri, 28 Jun 2002 03:06:09
To: modules@perl.org
Subject: I await your response
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: adamu_bayo@eudoramail.com ("Adamu Bayo")
Message-ID: <perl.modules-12379@nntp.perl.org>

Dear Sir,

I am Dr.Adamu Bayo,I head a seven man panel charged with the responsibilities of evaluating, vetting and approval of payments of contracts and services rendered to the Pipeline and Product  Marketing Company (P.P.M.C.) a subsidiary of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation.

We have concluded investigations on a number of contracts executed by a consortium of ABB LUMUS, IGC Corporation, Bouygues offshore and Dresser GMBH of Germany in favour of PPMC which  include

1. 	The extension of Pipeline Network from ONNE Main Station to Escavos Depot for crude oil and downstream product distribution valued at US$310 Million.

2. 	Turn Around Maintenance (TAM) of the LNG Gas Plant and Refinery both in Port Harcourt, and Warri Refinery valued at US$395 Million.

3. 	The expansion and construction of new storage Tanks for Petroleum Products valued at US$146 Million.

The original valued of these contracts were deliberately over invoiced to the sum of($36,500,000.00)Thirty-Six Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars presently lodged in an escrow account with the Central Bank of Nigeria as the companies that executed the aforementioned contracts have been fully paid and the projects officially commissioned. 

My colleagues and I are willing to transfer the total amount to your account for subsequent disbursement, since we as civil servants are prohibited by the conduct Bureau from owning or operating a foreign account in our names. We have agreed  amongst ourselves to offer you 25% of the transferred sum, while 5% shall be set aside for any incidental expenses during the course of this transaction.

However, you must NOTE that this transaction is subject to the following terms and conditions:- our conviction of your transparency, honesty, diligence and trustworthy. Also, that you must accord this transaction utmost secrecy and confidentiality. It is important to state that I got your contact from the Nigerian Chamber of Commerce and industry in my search for a reliable individual or company to handle a very confidential transaction of this sort.

Modalities have been worked out at the highest levels of the Federal Ministry of Finance. The Central Bank of Nigeria and the Presidential task force on contract payment for the immediate remittance of the funds within 14 days, subject to your acceptance of the above stated terms. Our assurance is that your role shall be totally risk free. To accord this transaction the legality and security it deserves, the whole approval procedures shall be officially and legally processed with your names or any company you may nominate as the bonafide beneficiary.

Once more, I want you to understand that having served this country deligently for 25 good years, I am very much averse to having my image and carrier dented. This transaction should be treated as “TOP SECRET” and urgently to enable us include it in the contractual payments of this quarter. If this offer is acceptable to you, please reach me on my e-mail:ada_bayo@yahoo.com

Thank you as I await your response.

Adamu bayo (Dr).





