Newsgroups: perl.modules
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.modules:12451
Return-Path: <tbmark1@yahoo.com>
Mailing-List: contact modules-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 98614 invoked by uid 76); 2 Jul 2002 01:43:31 -0000
Received: from [80.247.137.55] (HELO yahoo.com) (80.247.137.55)
  by onion.perl.org (qpsmtpd/0.07b) with SMTP; Tue Jul  2 01:43:31 2002 -0000
To: <modules@perl.org>
Subject: ASSISTANCE
Sender: "Theopilus Bamaiyi Mark" <tbmark1@yahoo.com>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Date: Tue, 2 Jul 2002 02:43:50 -0700
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: tbmark1@yahoo.com ("Theopilus Bamaiyi Mark")
Message-ID: <perl.modules-12451@nntp.perl.org>

Dear Sir,

We are sending you this letter based on information gathered from  the
Foreign trade office of the Nigerian chamber of 
commerce and Industry.
We believe you will be in the position to help us in our bid to secure 
this urgent and very important help from you.

My name is Bamaiyi Mark  the eldest son of Rtd General Ishaya Bamaiyi who
was the erstwhile Minister  of Defence/Chief 
of army Staff in the late General  Sani Abachas Regime of 1993-1998. 

I am contacting you in a benevolent spirit, utmost confidence and trust to
enable us provide a solution to a money transfer 
of $46,100,000.00M that is presently putting my entire family into great
disarray. 

I was convinced that you could be of assistance to me.  So, decided to
contact you at once due to the urgency required 
for us to immediately transfer the said funds out of the country. 
During the time my father was in the government with the late General Sani
Abacha as the head of state, they were both 
involved in several deals that yielded Billions of Dollars. The prominent
amongst the deals was monies that emanated from 
funds set aside for the 
importation of Arms and Ammunitions to boost the Nigerian Defence funds
set to embark on an overseas campaign to 
counter the United States action to put a stop to the self-succession bid
of The Abachas government to retain power, and 
monies set aside to rehabilitate the ailing Nigerian Petroleum Refineries
and the National Electric Power Authority which 
supplies Electricity to the entire nation.

If you were conversant with world news, you would understand  better.
During this period my father was able to make 
some good money for himself and kept in his private bank accounts. The
then head of 
state General Sani Abacha transferred his share of the money through a
Lebanese businessman, Chagoury and a Jewish 
businessman, Mark Rissar to bank accounts overseas. 
Unfortunately, all the secrets were revealed by the investigation agencies
set up by the successive governments and most 
of the Abachas loots were traced and repatriated from the various accounts
to the 
Federal Government Treasury.  Out of the money my father made, he left the
sum of N50 Million (Fifty Million Naira) in the 
CBN escrow account for further transfer into a foreign account and a sum of 
$46,100,000.00M (forty-six million, one hundred thousand united state
dollar only) was kept in a Private security firm here in 
Nigeria. 
Through the confessions made by the Abachas Family, the N50 Million was
recovered by the investigating agency from 
the CBN escrow account. 
But were unable to discover the $46,100,000.00M, which he kept in the
vaults. The reason is because no names were 
used to lodge in the funds. Instead, he used PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION
NUMBERS (PIN) 
and declared the contents as Bearer Bonds and Treasury Bills. Also the
firm  issued him with a certificate of deposit of the  
consignments. 
Note that I have these information in my custody. Right now, my father has
been arrested and detained for interrogation. 
As the eldest son of my Father, I  believe that I owe the entire family an
obligation to 
ensure that the $46,100,000.00M  is successfully transferred abroad for
investment purposes. With the 
present situation, I cannot do it all by myself. It is based on this that
I am making this contact with you. 
I have done a thorough homework and fine-tuned the best way to create you
as the beneficiary to the funds and affect 
the transfer accordingly, Is rest assured that the modalities I have
resolved to finalize the entire project guarantees our 
safety and the 
successful transfer of the funds. 
So, you will be  absolutely right when you say that this project is  risk
free and viable. If this proposal satisfies you and you 
are capable and willing to assist, contact me at once via email for more 
details. 
Believe me, there is no one else we can trust again.  All my fathers
friends have deserted us after exploiting us on the 
pretence of trying to help my father. As it is said, it is at the time of
problems
that you know your true friends. So long as you keep everything to our
self, we would definitely have no 
problems. For your assistance, I am ready to give you as much as 20% of
the total funds after transfer and invest a 
reasonable percentage into any viable business you may suggest. 

Please, I need your assistance to make this happen and please do not
undermine it because it will also be a  source of up 
liftment to you also. You have absolutely nothing to loose in assisting us
instead, you have so much to gain. 

Awaiting your urgent and positive .

Best Regards,
 
Bamaiyi Mark.




