Newsgroups: perl.modules
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.modules:12732
Return-Path: <dr.idris@accountant.com>
Mailing-List: contact modules-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 11895 invoked by uid 76); 18 Jul 2002 15:30:57 -0000
Received: from host-63-122-154-131.verestar.net (HELO accountant.com) (63.122.154.131)
  by onion.perl.org (qpsmtpd/0.07b) with SMTP; Thu Jul 18 15:30:57 2002 -0000
To: <modules@perl.org>
Subject: REQUEST FOR AN URGENT CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP
Sender: "Dr. Malarabe Idris" <dr.idris@accountant.com>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="ISO-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Date: Thu, 18 Jul 2002 16:37:40 -0700
Reply-To: "Dr. Malarabe Idris" <dr.idris@accountant.com>
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: dr.idris@accountant.com ("Dr. Malarabe Idris")
Message-ID: <perl.modules-12732@nntp.perl.org>

From the desk of: DR. MALARABE IDRIS
E-FAX : +1775-263-8397
Email: dr.idris@accountant.com
malarabe@email.com,dr.idris@accountant.com
Lagos, Nigeria.
Dear Sir,

REQUEST FOR AN URGENT CONFIDENTIAL BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP

After due deliberation with my colleagues, we have decided to forward to
you this business proposal. We want a reliable 
person who could assist us in the transfer the sum of Twenty Million, Five
Hundred Thousand United States Dollars 
($20,500,000). Via International Bank Draft Cashable in any First World
Countries.

This fund resulted from an over-invoiced bill from contracts awarded by us
under the budget allocation to our Ministry. This 
bill has been approved for payment by the other concerned Ministries. The
contract has since been executed, 
commissioned and the contractor was paid the actual cost of the contract.
We are left with the balance US$20.5M as part 
of the over-invoiced amount which we have deliberated over estimated for
our own use. But under our protocol division, we 
as civil servants are forbidden to operate or own foreign accounts. This
is why we are soliciting your assistance in this 
manner and regard. 

As you may want to know and to make you less curious, I got your address
from adverts in the business directory. I am the 
Chief
Accountant/Internal Auditor of the Contract Award Committee (CAC) of the
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation 
(NNPC). This transaction is very much free from all sorts of RISKS and
TROUBLE from my Government. We the N.N.P.C. 
Officials involved in this deal have put in many years in service to this
Ministry. We have been exercising patience for this 
opportunity for so long and to most of us this is a lifetime opportunity
we cannot afford to miss.

We have agreed to COMPENSATE you duly if agreement is reached by both of
us and I and one of my colleagues 
involved in this deal will come to your country to arrange for our share,
upon the confirmation from you that the Certified 
International Bank Draft has been Approved and Raised in your favor.

Consequent upon your acceptance of this proposal, kindly confirm your
interest by the above email address.(Please fax to 
my American e-fax number which is +1 775-263-8397.Your
indication by revert Telephone to me of your sincere and serious interest
will enable me fax you or brief you of the 
PROCEDURES FOR THIS TRANSACTION. If my line is busy, please keep trying
you will surely get through.

NOTE: In the event of your inability to handle this transaction please
inform us so that we can look for another reliable person who can assist
in this respect as we have mapped out 20% as 
compensation for your assistance to take care of your bills locally and
internationally. 

It might surprise you why we choose you and trusted you for this
transaction. Yes, we believe that good friends can be discovered and
business like this cannot be realized without mutual trust. This is why we
have decided to trust you for this transaction. Be 
further informed that everyone's interest and security had been considered
before you were contacted, so be rest assured 
and feel free to go into this transaction with us. But let Honesty and
Trust be our watchword throughout this transaction and 
your prompt reply will be highly appreciated. 

Thank you, and God bless.

Best Regards,

DR.MALARABE IDRIS
