Newsgroups: perl.modules
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.modules:12841
Return-Path: <joaudu@omaninfo.com>
Mailing-List: contact modules-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 7939 invoked by uid 76); 25 Jul 2002 03:49:24 -0000
Received: from [213.181.66.141] (HELO perlmail.valueclick.com) (213.181.66.141)
  by onion.perl.org (qpsmtpd/0.07b) with SMTP; Thu Jul 25 03:49:24 2002 -0000
Date: Thu, 25 Jul 2002 04:47:21
To: modules@perl.org
Subject: PLEASE HELP
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: joaudu@omaninfo.com ("Mr. JONATHAN (JOHN) AUDU")
Message-ID: <perl.modules-12841@nntp.perl.org>

Dear Sir,
     
I am Mr. MR JONATHAN(JOHN)AUDU, Bank Manager of Citi Trust Bank of Nigeria, Lagos Branch.I have an urgent and very confidential business proposition for you.
     
On December 8, 1998, an American Oil consultant/contractor with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Mrs.Ann Barbara Myers made a numbered time (Fixed) Deposit for twelve calendar months, valued at US$25,000,000.00(Twenty-five Million Dollars) in my branch. Upon maturity, I sent a routine notification to her forwarding address but got no reply.After a month,we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from her contract 
employers, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation that Mrs.Ann Barbara Myers died from a ghastly automobile accident. On further investigation,  I found out that she died without making a WILL, and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless.
     
I therefore made further investigation and discovered that Mrs.Ann Barbara Myers did not declare any next of kin or relations in all her official documents,  including her Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank. This sum of US$25,000,000.00 is still sitting in my Bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year.No one will ever come forward to claim it.According to Nigerian Law, at the expiration of 5 (five) years, the money will revert to the ownership of the Nigerian Government if nobody applies to claim this fund.
     
Consequently, my proposal is that I will like you as a foriegner to stand in as the next of kin to Mrs.Ann Barbara Myers so that the fruits of this woman's labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt government officials.This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so that the Attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits which will put you in place as the next of kin. We shall employ the services of two Attorneys for drafting and notarization of the WILL and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate/administration in your favor for the transfer.
    
We would need you as a Foreigner acting as the next of kin and sole benefactor to the inheritance of Mrs.Ann Barbara Myers to travel and claim this money in a SECURITY COMPANY based in Europe which is used by my bank as an offshore payment center to the bank.The money will be paid to you for us to share in the ratio of 60% for me and 
40% for you. There is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the Attorney and my position as the Branch Manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction.
    
If you are interested, please reply immediately via the private email address below. Upon your response, I shall then provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction. 
    
Please observe utmost confidentiality, and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because I shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country.
      
Awaiting your urgent reply via my email:joaudu@omaninfo.com
     
Thanks and regards.
     
MR JONATHAN(JOHN)AUDU
