Newsgroups: perl.modules
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.modules:13348
Return-Path: <ckoladamz@maktoob.com>
Mailing-List: contact modules-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 88182 invoked by uid 76); 22 Aug 2002 15:51:07 -0000
Received: from [208.227.137.42] (HELO maktoob.com) (208.227.137.42)
  by onion.perl.org (qpsmtpd/0.07b) with SMTP; Thu Aug 22 15:51:07 2002 -0000
To: <modules@perl.org>
Subject: Business Proposal (Urgent)
Sender: "Dr Kola Adams" <ckoladamz@maktoob.com>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="ISO-8859-1"
Date: Thu, 22 Aug 2002 16:49:05 -0700
Reply-To: "Dr Kola Adams" <koladamz@maktoob.com>
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: ckoladamz@maktoob.com ("Dr Kola Adams")
Message-ID: <perl.modules-13348@nntp.perl.org>

22 August 2002

To:      The President

Dear Sir,

STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL & URGENT.

Through some discreet inquiries from my Chambers of Commerce, you and your
organization were revealed as being quite astute in private
entrepreneurship. One has no doubt in your ability to handle a financial
business of considerable amount, which will form a bedrock of an extensive
business partnership in due course. In unfolding this proposal, I want to
count on you as a respected executive of your company to believe that  you
will handle it with all maturity and confidentiality it deserves.

I am a member of the Federal Government of Nigeria Contract Award and
Monitoring Committee in the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation  (NNPC).

Sometime ago, a contract was awarded to a foreign firm by my committee in
NNPC. This contract was over invoiced to the tune of US$21.5M (Twenty  One
Million, Five Hundred Thousand). This was done deliberately. The
over-invoicing was a deal by my committee to benefit from the project.

We now desire to transfer this money, which is in a Suspense Account  with
NNPC, to any Overseas Account which we expect you to provide for us.

For providing the account where we shall remit the money, you will be
entitled to 30% of the money.   60% will be for me and my partners  whilst
10% has been mapped out from the total sum to cover any expenses/taxes 
that may be incurred/accrued by us during the course of this transfer;
both  local and international.

I would require from you, as a matter of urgency the following: (1 Name of
Beneficiary/Company Name. (2 Telephone and Fax No. of Beneficiary (3
Account No. of Beneficiary

The above information would be used to make formal applications as a 
matter of procedure for the release of the money and onward transfer to
your account.

It does not matter whether or not your company does contract projects  of
the nature described here. The assumption is that your company won the 
major contract and subcontracted it out to other companies. More often
than  not, big trading companies or firms of unrelated fields win major
contracts  and subcontract to more specialized firms for execution.

We have strong and reliable connections and contacts at the Apex Bank
(Central Bank of Nigeria) and the Federal Ministry of Finance and we  have
no doubt that all this money will be released and transferred if we get 
the necessary foreign partner to assist us in this deal. Therefore, when 
the business is successfully concluded we shall, through our same
connections withdraw all documents used from all the concerned Government 
Ministries for 100% security.

We are civil servants and we will not want to miss this opportunity. We 
want this money to be transferred to the overseas Account for us.

Please contact me immediately through my confidential e-mail
"kola-adams@excite.com" whether or not you are interested in this deal. If
you are not, it will enable me scout for another foreign partner to carry
out this deal.

Time is of essence in this business.

I wait in anticipation of your fullest cooperation.

Yours faithfully,

Engr. Kolawole Adams (PhD.)
