Newsgroups: perl.modules
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.modules:13362
Return-Path: <nelsonedu@mail.com>
Mailing-List: contact modules-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 3679 invoked by uid 76); 23 Aug 2002 00:16:14 -0000
Received: from [217.146.15.23] (HELO perlmail.valueclick.com) (217.146.15.23)
  by onion.perl.org (qpsmtpd/0.07b) with SMTP; Fri Aug 23 00:16:14 2002 -0000
Date: Fri, 23 Aug 2002 02:13:34
To: modules@perl.org
Subject: BUSINESS PROPOSAL
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: nelsonedu@mail.com (" DR. NELSON EDU.")
Message-ID: <perl.modules-13362@nntp.perl.org>

INTERIM MANAGEMET COMMITTEE (IMC)
LAGOS – NIGERIA.
FROM THE DESK OF: DR. NELSON EDU.

Sir/Madam

BUSINESS PROPOSAL

Through The courtesy of business opportunity, I take
liberty anchored on strong desire to established business relationship with you to write this letter of request for partnership which I hope you will give your
urgent attention.

We are members of Federal Government Interim
Management Committee (IMC)of the PTF (Petroleum Trust Fund), who are interested in commencing an immediate business relationship with you. We hereby solicit strongly for your assistance, to enable us transfer (FOREX) Funds which total US$15.500,000.00 (fifteen Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars) into a reliable personal or company bank account overseas which you have absolute control over.

These funds are presently trapped in the PTF account
with the Central Bank of Nigeria. These are as a result of grossly over-invoiced contracts sum which were executed by the PTF during the chairmanship
of Gen. Buhari (rtd) and are presently under erification. To this effect, the present Civilian
Government of Nigeria set up the Interim Management
Committee (IMC) of which I am the Vice Chairman to ascertain all monies accrued of the PTF since inception, ascertain all disbursements made by the
fund and produce inventory for all projects and commitments entered into by the Fund. During our course of assessment of the activities of the Fund, we have
identified a lot of misappropriation and over-invoice of contracts sum, which are presently floating in the suspense account of the Central Bank of Nigeria.

However, when the Chairman (Buhari) of PTF under probe
was invited by the Committee (IMC) for questioning, he could not explain the reasons for the over-invoice of US$15.5M, rather he pleaded with us not to expose him.
After due consideration, we (the committee members) decided to transfer the over-inflated sum of US$15.5M into a foreign account for our benefit to avoid him being prosecuted and jailed by the government.

I have been delegated as a matter of capability by my
colleagues, to secure the co-operation of an overseas partner into whose account we could transfer
this over-invoiced sum with dispatched for onward
disbursement among us. Please signal your interest by dispatching your name, phone, and fax number through my email address: nelsonedu@mail.com		
We will share the funds in the ratio, which will be
satisfactory to all concerned under agreement. However, 60% for us (officials), 30% Account owner (you) and 10% to be used in setting all local and foreign expenses incurred which are directly related to this project. Prompt realization is being strongly considered by us over here as our pattern of disbursement.

Please, note that this transaction is 100% risk free
and safe as long as you and I maintain maximum confidentiality and secrecy. I am at disposal to entertain any question(s) from you with respect to
this project, so send me the above-mentioned equirements immediately through my email address. I hope this will be the beginning of a fruitful and
mutual beneficial business relationship.

Please, treat with strictest confidentiality and
utmost urgency. 

Yours faithfully,

 DR. NELSON EDU.
 N.B;DUE TO CONFIDENTIALITY OF THIS TRANSACTION,YOU CAN
DIVULGE YOUR INFORMATION THROUGH MY FAX-LINE;234-1-7597065
