Newsgroups: perl.modules
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.modules:13845
Return-Path: <alphonsavimbi@caramail.com>
Mailing-List: contact modules-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 51637 invoked by uid 76); 19 Sep 2002 14:01:48 -0000
Received: from [194.9.187.161] (HELO caramail.com) (194.9.187.161) by onion.perl.org (qpsmtpd/0.11-dev) with SMTP; 2002-09-19 14:01:48Z
To: <modules@perl.org>
Subject: Assistance in cash movement / investment
Sender: "Alphosio savimbi" <alphonsavimbi@caramail.com>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="ISO-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Date: Thu, 19 Sep 2002 15:03:29 +0100
Reply-To: "Alphosio savimbi" <alphonsavimbi@caramail.com>
X-SMTPD: qpsmtpd/0.11-dev, http://develooper.com/code/qpsmtpd/
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: alphonsavimbi@caramail.com ("Alphosio savimbi")
Message-ID: <perl.modules-13845@nntp.perl.org>

Dear Sir,
I know you will be surprised to hear from me but please consider this
letter as a request from a 
family in dire need of your assistance. I am ALPHONSIO SAVIMBI. I am
presently residing 
in Cotonou Benin Republic, West of Africa.
I got your contact from BENIN CHAMBERS OF COMMERCE AND INDUSTRY 
GAZETTE here in Cotonou Benin Republic. On behalf of my widowed mother,
Mrs. 
CORNELLIA SAVIMBI, I decided to solicit for your assistance to transfer
the sum of fifty 
million, seven hundred thousand dollars only inherited from my late father
into your personal or 
company’s account. Before the death of my father, he was the commander of
the UNITA rebel 
forces in Angola. In his WILL MESSAGE, he drew my attention to the sum of
U$D50.7M(fifty 
million seven hundred thousand united states dollars only) which he
deposited in a safe box of a 
security company here in Cotonou, Benin West Africa. 
INFACT PART OF THE WILL READS THUS.
My beloved son, I wish to draw your attention to the sum of U$D50.7M(fifty
million seven 
hundred thousand united states dollars only) which I deposited in a metal
box with a private 
security company in COTONOU BENIN. In case of my absence on earth caused
by death or 
any unforeseen circumstances. Only, you should please solicit for an
honest and G od fearing 
established business Executive to assist you transfer this money out from
South Africa for 
investment purposes. I deposited the money in your name and it can only be
claimed by you 
alone with the deposit code. I handed all the documents regarding to the
deposit to your mother. 
Take good care of your mother and sister.
From the above, you will understand that the future of my family depends
on this money. I will 
be very grateful if you can assist us. We are now temporarily residing in
Cotonou, Benin 
Republic as asylum seekers, besides the financial laws of Benin Republic
vide Section 12 and 
46 of the Constitution does not allow asylum seekers to certain financial
rights to such huge 
amount to money.
In view of this, I am prepaid to offer you twenty percent of the total
sum, while three percent 
will be set aside for incurred expenses both local and international
during the process of this 
transaction. Seventy five percent will be kept for my family and for
investment in agricultural 
sector with your assistance.
All the modalities on how to execute this transaction have been concluded.
I will inform you of 
the details as soon as trust and confidence is established. Kindly
endeavour to call me on this 
number Tel. + 229 983578 on your acceptance to assist me.
It is important you keep this proposal as strictly confidential.
My Best Regards,
Alphonsio Savimbi.
