Newsgroups: perl.modules
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.modules:13891
Return-Path: <abusuleman3@email.com>
Mailing-List: contact modules-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 26431 invoked by uid 76); 22 Sep 2002 03:57:42 -0000
Received: from [217.146.15.42] (HELO perlmail.valueclick.com) (217.146.15.42) by onion.perl.org (qpsmtpd/0.11-dev) with SMTP; 2002-09-22 03:57:41Z
Date: Sun, 22 Sep 2002 05:57:31
To: modules@perl.org
Subject: good day....
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-SMTPD: qpsmtpd/0.11-dev, http://develooper.com/code/qpsmtpd/
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: abusuleman3@email.comORabusuleman4@email.com ("MR. PRECIOUS  ODILI. ")
Message-ID: <perl.modules-13891@nntp.perl.org>

ZENITH BANK INT'L NIGERIA LTD, LAGOS

FROM: MR ABU SULEMAN.(MANAGER)

E-MAIL: ABUsuleman3@email.comOR ABUsuleman4@email.com


URGENT BUSINESS  PROPOSAL

ATTN:THE DIRECTOR,


First I must solicit your confidence in this transaction, this is by virtue of its nature as being  utterly confidential and top secret. Though I know that a transaction of this magnitude will make any one apprehensive and worried, but I am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day.  We have decided to contact you due to the urgency of this transaction, as we have been reliably informed of your discreetness and ability in transaction of this nature.

Let me start by introducing myself properly to you.  I am MR ABU SULEMAN the manager with the Zenith Bank Int'l Nigeria Ltd, Lagos.  I came to know you  in my Private Search for a Reliable and Reputable Person to handle this Confidential Transaction, which involves the transfer of Huge sum of Money to a Foreign Account requiring Maximum Confidence.

THE PROPOSITION:

A Foreigner an Australia, Late Engr. Steve Moore (Snr.) an Oil Merchant with the Federal Government  of Nigeria, until his death months ago in Kenya Air Bus (A310-301) Flight KQ431, Banked with us at Zenith Bank Int'l Nigeria Ltd Lagos and had a closing balance as at the end of September, 2000 worth US$15,000,000.00 (FIFTEEN Million United State Dollars), the bank now expects a next of kin as beneficiary.  Valuable efforts are being made by the Zenith Bank Int'l Nigeria Ltd to get in touch with any of the  Moore's family or relatives but to no success.

It is because of the perceived possibility of not being able to locate any of Late Engr. Steve Moore (Snr.)' s next kin (He had no wife or children that is know to us).  The Management under the influence of our Chairman and Members of the Board of Directors, that arrange has been made for the fund to be declared "Unclaimed" and subsequently be donated to the trust fund for arms and ammunition to further enhance the course of War in Africa and the World in General.

In order to avert this negative development some of my trusted colleagues and I now seek your permission to have you stand as next of kin to Late Engr. Steve Moore (Snr.) so that the fund US$15 Million will be released and paid into your account as the beneficiary's next of kin.  All documents and proves to enable you get his fund will be carefully worked out.  We have secure from the probate an order of madamus to locate  any of deceased beneficiaries, and more so we are assuring you that this business is 100% Risk Free involvement.  Your share stays while the rest be for myself and my colleagues for investment purpose.  According to agreement within both parties.

As soon as  we receive an acknowledgement of receipt of this message in acceptance of our mutual business proposal, we would furnish you with the necessary modalities and disbursement ratio to suite both parties with out any conflict.  While replying furnish me with your private fax and phone numbers for easy communication; Bank Name,Bank Account Number.
The sharing of the fund are thus: 30% for you the account owner,60% for i and my trusted colleagues and
the remainning 10% for expenses for oth parties.
If this proposal is acceptable  by you, do not make undue advantage of the trust we have bestowed in you.

Best regards,


MR. MR ABU SULEMAN. (Manager).






