Newsgroups: perl.modules
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.modules:14180
Return-Path: <gideionogar@hotmail.com>
Mailing-List: contact modules-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 43950 invoked by uid 76); 5 Oct 2002 02:37:05 -0000
Received: from [217.146.15.71] (HELO perlmail.valueclick.com) (217.146.15.71) by onion.perl.org (qpsmtpd/0.11-dev) with SMTP; 2002-10-05 02:37:05Z
Date: Sat, 05 Oct 2002 03:38:30
To: modules@perl.org
Subject: Next of Kin
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-SMTPD: qpsmtpd/0.11-dev, http://develooper.com/code/qpsmtpd/
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: gideionogar@hotmail.com ("Gideion Ogar")
Message-ID: <perl.modules-14180@nntp.perl.org>


FROM THE DESK OF
MR.GIDEION OGAR
BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER,
FOREIGN REMMITTANCE DEPT.
ECO BANK NIGERIA PLC
Ref.#HF 100
E-mail:gideion_gar@yahoo.com


With due respect and huminity, I write to you this
proposal.I am the manager of bill and exchange at the
foreign remittance department of Eco Bank 
Nig.Plc. I am writing following the impressive
information I had about your goodself.

In my department, we discovered an abandoned sum of
U.S$20.5m US dollars in an account that belongs to one
of our foreign customer who died along with his entire
family in november 1997 in a plane crash.

Since we got information about his death, we have been
expecting his next of kin to come forward and claim
his money because we cannot release it unless somebody
applies for it as next of kin or relation to the
deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines and
policies but unfortunately we learnt that all his
supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with
him at the plane crash leaving nobody behind for the
claims. It is therefore upon this discovery that I and
other officials in my department now decided to
make this businness proposal to you and release the
money to you as the next of kin or relation to the
deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement
since nobody is coming forth and we don’t want this
money to go into the Bank treasury as unclaimed Bill.

According to our Banking policies and guideline here
which stipulates that if such money remained unclaimed
after five years, the money will automatically be
transfered into the Bank treasury as unclaimed fund.
The request of foreigner as next of kin in this
business is occasioned by the fact that the customer
was a foreigner and someone from Nigeria here cannot
stand as next of kin to a foreigner.

We agree that 30% of this money will be for you as
foreign partner, in respect to the provision of a
foreign account, 10% will be for reimbursement of any
expenses incured during the curse of the transaction
and 60 % would be for me and my colleagues. There
after I and my colleagues will visit your country for
disbursement according to the percentages indicated.

Therefore to enable the immediate trnansfer of this
fund to you as arranged, you must apply first to the
bank as relation or next of kin of the deceased
indicating your bank name, your bank account number,
your private telephone and fax number for easier and
effective communication and location where the money
will be remitted .

Upon receipt of your reply, I will send to you by fax
or email the text of the application. I will not fail
to bring to your notice that this transaction is hitch
free and that you should not entertain any atom of
fear as all required arrangements have been made for
the transfer .You should contact me immediately as
soon as you receive this letter.

Trusting to hear from you immediately.

Yours faithfully,

MR.GIDEION OGAR
BILL AND EXCHANGE MANAGER,
FOREIGN REMMITTANCE DEPT

NB
Note: Please kindly quote this reference number
(HF 100) in your response and e-mail a copy to 
this e-mail address only gideion_gar@yahoo.com ont 
gideionogar@hotmail.com
