Newsgroups: perl.modules
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.modules:14450
Return-Path: <abachamohammed@ecplaza.net>
Mailing-List: contact modules-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 89944 invoked by uid 76); 19 Oct 2002 22:44:06 -0000
Received: from [80.88.131.135] (HELO perlmail.valueclick.com) (80.88.131.135) by onion.perl.org (qpsmtpd/0.12-dev) with SMTP; 2002-10-19 22:44:06Z
Date: Sat, 19 Oct 2002 23:45:53
To: modules@perl.org
Subject: HELLO
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-SMTPD: qpsmtpd/0.12-dev, http://develooper.com/code/qpsmtpd/
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: abachamohammed@ecplaza.net ("MOHAMMED ABACHA")
Message-ID: <perl.modules-14450@nntp.perl.org>

Dear sir

I know that this email will come to you as a deep surprise judging from the fact that we have not met before. I got your details from a director at the Federal Ministry of External Affairs. He is not aware of what I am about to introduce to you as this transaction requires strict confidentiality. I therefore decided to contact you to assist me in the venture mentioned below. 

I am the first son of General Sanni Abacha, the late Military Head of State of Nigeria. I have been in detention for past four years and I was only granted bail recently by an Abuja High Court when the government requested that my family return two billion United States dollars for my freedom. This was agreed in principal and upon my release, I have refused to honour the pledge because there was some loopholes in my agreement with the Government and the money in issue I consider to be my family's money duly earned. 

This money is question is presently in security vaults of banks and finance houses within Nigeria and accross the West Africa sub-region in "Coded (numbered) Accounts" using pseudomyms. With the current searchlight beamed on my family activities, we are afraid that the money may be discovered. This is why we need a foreign partner to whom the money will transfered and who will go to the finance house either in Europe, America or Asia to receive the consignments. With the advice and assistance of my lawyer, we have decided to transfer these monies out of Nigeria instalmentally and by diplomatic courier service in cash to any of the Europian, Asian or American countries where the diplomatic courier service company has vaults and representatives. 

The total sum of this money is US$41,500,000.00 and because of the many restrictions placed on my family by the present Nigerian Government, it has become impossible for either me or any immediate member of my 
family to travel outside Nigeria or even operate personal accounts successfully both home and abroad with undue government interference. I will explain my family situation to you later, if you are interested in knowing. 

What I now want you to do for my family and myself are as follows:- 

(1) You should help receive and secure the funds in cash on my behalf and deposit it in 
your bank account in your Country, pending further instructions from my family. 

(2) My family will be willing to give you 20% of  the total $41.5 Million as your commission for 
your assistance.  

(3) As soon as you confirm to me through my email of your readiness to assist, my attorney will parkage the funds in two deposit boxes, and then transfer it with you as consignee. I will thereafter send you a copy of the Deposit Certificate and the airway-bill which will be proof of ownership and grant you authority to receive the consignments. 

(4) It is very important that you understand that  the boxes will be classified deplomatic. 

(5) As soon as you have the funds in your custody,  I will give you details of where and which 
sector you will invest my family's share of  the funds into, on our behalf, in your 
Country. 

(6) Please note that this project is very legal and 100% risk free, because the funds in 
question are private family funds which will be legally deposited at the Diplomatic Courier service Headquarters in Nigeria and transfered to you directly if they have correspondent office in your country or to a country that is nearest to you.

(7) You must keep it very secret and confidential because of my personal and family security. 

It is also pertinent to state that we shall enter into an agreement with you, indicating the stakes of every party to this transaction. You can either reach me directly or you can reach my attorney using the following details:

                          BARRISTER SULTAN IDRIS (J.P)
                         SULTAN, ORJI & ASSOCIATES,
                         IKOYI, LAGOS, NIGERIA
                         EMAIL:  equitychambers4000@justice.com

Please contact me immediately, via my email , informing me the posibility of your assistance. 

Waiting for your immediate response. 

Best regards. 

Mohammed Abacha 
