Newsgroups: perl.modules
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.modules:14720
Return-Path: <tonyhan2001ng@fastermail.com>
Mailing-List: contact modules-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 61657 invoked by uid 76); 26 Oct 2002 13:59:07 -0000
Received: from [217.78.77.105] (HELO perlmail.valueclick.com) (217.78.77.105) by onion.perl.org (qpsmtpd/0.12-dev) with SMTP; 2002-10-26 13:59:07Z
Date: Sat, 26 Oct 2002 14:45:31
To: modules@perl.org
Subject: URGENT ASSISTANCE/INVESTMENT (P)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-SMTPD: qpsmtpd/0.12-dev, http://develooper.com/code/qpsmtpd/
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: tonyhan2001ng@fastermail.com ("DR. TONY HARUNA")
Message-ID: <perl.modules-14720@nntp.perl.org>

From the desk of:-
DR. TONY HARUNA
(Director, ECO Bank Plc)
 
Attn: President/CEO
 
Dear Sir,
 
First I must solicit your confidence in the transaction, this is by virtue of 
its nature as being utterly confidential and top secret. Though I know that a 
transaction of this magnitude will make any one apprehensive and worried, but I 
am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day. We have decided to 
contract you due to the urgency of this transaction, as we have been reliably 
informed of your discreteness and ability in transaction of this nature.
 
Let me start by first introducing myself properly to you. I am DR. TONY HARUNA, 
a Director with the ECO Bank Nigeria plc, Lagos. I came to know of you in my 
private search for reliable and reputable person to handle this confidential 
transaction, which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to a foreign 
Account requiring maximum confidence. THE POSITION: A foreigner, LATE ENGINEER 
JAMES AKMEH, an oil Merchant/Contractor with the Federal Government of Nigeria, 
until his death a year ago in a ghastly air crash, banked with us here at ECO 
Bank plc, Lagos, and had a closing balance as at the end of March 2000 worth 
US$21.6M (TWENTY - ONE MILLION SIX HUNDRED THOUSAND UNITED STATES DOLLARS) which 
the bank now expects a next of kin to Beneficiary. Valuable efforts are being 
made by the ECO Bank to get in touch with any of the Akmeh’s family or relatives 
but they has been no success.
 
It is because of the perceived possibility of not being able to locate any of 
Late Engr. James Akmeh’s next of kin (he had no known wife nor children that 
known to us). The management under the influence of our chairman and member of 
the Board of Directors retired Major General Umaru Shelling, that arrangement 
has been made for the funds to be declared ‘UNCLAIMABLE’ and subsequently be 
donated to the Trust fund. In order to advert this negative development, some of 
my trusted colleagues and I now seek your permission to have you stand as a 
next-of-kin to Late Engr. James akmeh so that the fund US$21.6M would be 
released and paid into your account as the beneficiary next - of - kin. All 
documents and proves to enable you get this fund will be carefully worked out, 
we have secured from the probate an order of mandamus to locate any of the 
deceased beneficiaries and more so we are assuring you of a 100% risk free 
involvement. Your share stays while the rest would be for myself and my 
colleagues for investment purpose in your country.
 
We have agreed that, the fund  be shared thus, after it has been transferred 
into your account:
 
1. 30% of the money will go to you for acting as the beneficiary of the fund. 
 
2. 5% will be set aside for reimbursement to both Parties for any incidental expenses that may be incurred in the course of the transfer.
 
3. 65% to us the originators of the transaction. 
 
If this proposal is acceptable by you do not make undue advantage of trust we 
have bestowed on you and your company, then kindly get to me immediately through 
my email
 
Please furnish me with your most confidential TELEPHONE, FAX NUMBER and 
exclusive Bank/Account particulars so that I can use this information to apply 
for the release and subsequent transfer of the funds in your favour. Thank you 
in advance for your anticipated co-operation.
 
Yours faithfully
 

DR. TONY HARUNA
Director (ECO BANK PLC).


