Newsgroups: perl.modules
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.modules:15083
Return-Path: <mrjohn@post.com>
Mailing-List: contact modules-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 32709 invoked by uid 76); 7 Nov 2002 23:16:15 -0000
Received: from [217.10.163.34] (HELO mx1.x.perl.org) (217.10.163.34) by onion.perl.org (qpsmtpd/0.12) with SMTP; 2002-11-07 23:16:15Z
Date: Thu, 07 Nov 2002 00:15:36
To: modules@perl.org
Subject: urgent reply needed
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-SMTPD: qpsmtpd/0.12, http://develooper.com/code/qpsmtpd/
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: mrjohn@post.com ("ENGR.JOHN BELLO")
Message-ID: <perl.modules-15083@nntp.perl.org>

STANDARD TRUST BANK LIMITED 
FROM: MR.JOHN BELLO (ACCOUNTANT) 

Dear Friend, 

First I must solicit your confidence in this transaction, this is by 
Virtue of its nature as being utterly confidential and top secret. 
Though I know that a transaction of this magnitude will make any one 
Apprehensive and worried, but I am assuring you that all will be well At the end of the day. We have decided to contact you due to the Urgency of this transaction, as we have been reliably informed of your Discreetness and ability in transaction of this nature. 

Let me start by introducing myself properly to you. I am MR. JOHN 
BELLO the Chief Accountant with the STANDARD TRUST BANK LIMITED. I 
Came to know you in my Private Search for a Reliable and Reputable 
Person to handle this Confidential Transaction, which involves the 
Transfer of huge sum of Money to a Foreign Account requiring Maximum 
Confidence. 

THE PROPOSITION: A Foreigner an Australia, Late Eng. Steve Moore (Sir.) an Oil Merchant with the Federal Government of Nigeria, until his death months ago in Kenya Air Bus (A310-300) Flight KQ431, Banked with us at 
STANDARD TRUST BANK LIMITED, Lagos and had a closing balance as at the 
end of September, 2000 worth US$35,500,000.00 (thirty five Million five 
hundred thousand United State Dollars), the bank now expects a next of 
kin as beneficiary.Valuable efforts are being made by the STANDARD 
TRUST BANK LIMITED to get in touch with any of the Moor's family or 
relatives but to no success. It is because of the perceived possibility of not being able to locate any of Late Engr. Steve Moore (Sir.)' s next kin (He had no wife or child that is know to us). The Management under the influence of our Chairman and Members of the Board of Directors, that arrange has been made for the fund to be declared "Unclaimed" and subsequently be donated to the trust fund for arms and ammunition to further enhance the course of War in Africa and the World in General. 
In order to avert this negative development some of my trusted 
colleagues and I now seek your permission to  have you stand as next of 
kin to Late Engr. Steve  Moore (Sir.) so that the fund US$35.5 Million 
will  be released and paid into your account as the Beneficiary's next 
of kin. All documents and proves to enable you get his fund will be 
carefully worked out. We have secure from the probate an order of 
mandamus to locate any of deceased beneficiaries, and more so we are 
assuring you that this business is 100% Risk Free 
involvement. 

Your share stays while the rest be for myself and my colleagues for 
investment purpose. According to agreement within both parties. 

As soon as we receive an acknowledgement of receipt of this message in 
acceptance of our mutual business proposal, we would furnish you with 
the necessary modalities and disbursement ratio to suite both parties with out any conflict. 
While replying furnish me with your private fax and phone numbers for easy communication. 

Best regards, 

MR. JOHN BELLO 
STANDARD TRUST BANK LIMITED 


 

