Newsgroups: perl.modules
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.modules:15475
Return-Path: <dadow_sk@mail.com>
Mailing-List: contact modules-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 74184 invoked by uid 76); 23 Nov 2002 06:06:32 -0000
Received: from [195.166.237.34] (HELO mx1.x.perl.org) (195.166.237.34) by onion.perl.org (qpsmtpd/0.12) with SMTP; 2002-11-23 06:06:32Z
Date: Fri, 22 Nov 2002 22:02:36
To: modules@perl.org
Subject: REPLY NOW
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-SMTPD: qpsmtpd/0.12, http://develooper.com/code/qpsmtpd/
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: dadow_sk@mail.com ("MRS JAMILLA SANKOH")
Message-ID: <perl.modules-15475@nntp.perl.org>

FROM;JAMILLA SANKOH.


With due respect and humility I write you this letter
which I believe you would be of great assistance to 
me
and my children.
I am MRS JAMILLA SANKOH, the wife of the late Dr
DAVID E. SANKOH JR. of the blessed memory. Prior to
my husband assassination by the rebel forces loyal to
CORPORAL FODAY KOROMAH of the Revolutionary United
Front (RUF), He was the Director General National 
Gold
and Diamond Mining Corporation of Sierra-Leone.

Few days before my husband was assassinated, he
instructed me and my children ( KALLON and HENRY ) to
move out of Sierra-Leone and also to go in his
underground strong room where the documents of money
he has deposited in a security company in Abidjan 
Côte
d'Ivoire in one trunk Box as family valuables and
treasures with the name of my first son DIDOW as the
beneficiary. The amount is US$25,500,000. (Twenty 
Five million
five hundred thousand United States Dollars. We
managed to escape to Abidjan the Republic of Côte
d'Ivoire through the help of my husband's friend who
is a trawler. As our travelling document was sized.

But due to the political problem here in Cote 
d'Ivoire
on September year 2001, I instructed the security
company to transfer the box that contained the money
to Europe Where they have branch office. Now the 
money
is in Europe for safe-keeping. I am now looking for a
worthy and God fearing person who will handle this
money for rapid profit for the future of my two
fatherless children.

For your information , the security company did not
know the real content of the box and we do not wish
them to know until the money is transferred to your
account. As it was deposited as family valuables and
treasures.

Meanwhile, I want to leave Côte d'Ivoire entirely for
investment of this money in your country and mostly
for the future of my children. I want you to please
assist us to claim the box from the security company
and also deposit the money in a local account there
in your name and order the bank to transfer the money
to your account in your country. As our foreign
partner.

We have it in mind to reward you with a certain
percentage for your assistance. Please, reach me
through this email
address as soon as you receive this message to enable
us proceed in Ernest
toward retrieving the box and
transferring of the money into your account.

Finally, Please ensure that no one else knows about
this money as it is only myself my son, yourself and
the Rev. Pastor of the church where we worship knows
about this money.
May God bless you as you assist me.

Yours sincerely.
MRS JAMILLA SANKOH.
