Newsgroups: perl.modules
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.modules:15622
Return-Path: <mail@en-hance.com>
Mailing-List: contact modules-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 301 invoked by uid 76); 30 Nov 2002 05:42:25 -0000
Received: from [61.88.129.196] (HELO berrlab01) (61.88.129.196) by onion.perl.org (qpsmtpd/0.12) with SMTP; 2002-11-30 05:42:25Z
To: <modules@perl.org>
Subject: En-hance & Perform
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
Date: Sat, 30 Nov 2002 16:24:14
X-SMTPD: qpsmtpd/0.12, http://develooper.com/code/qpsmtpd/
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: mail@en-hance.com ("Sean Selva")
Message-ID: <perl.modules-15622@nntp.perl.org>

Projective Pty Ltd is proud to announce the release of our new range of Viagaraä alternative sexual enhancement creams.

Based on the 1998 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine (Nitric Oxide as a signalling molecule), En-hanceä & Per-formä are all natural products, with no artificial chemicals, fragrances or ingredients.

The En-hanceä & Per-formä products have been through an extensive development and testing regime and as a direct result, have recently been approved by the Therapeutic Goods Association of Australia.

The following is an overview of the new product offerings:

En-hanceä
En-hanceä is a gel specially designed for women.  Its natural ingredients are

Zizyphus Jujube: As a woman is sexually stimulated, the brain signals the arousal nerves and the nitric oxide Synthase System is activated. The Nitric Oxide Synthase System converts available Zizyphus Jujube into nitric oxide. Nitric Oxide draws blood into the area causing the clitoris to become aroused and highly sensitive. 

Menthol: is a 'colourless' substance, having a strong and pure odour of peppermint, that is primarily used as an agent to help the absorption of other substances through cell membranes. The menthol base allows the active ingredients to penetrate the mucal vagina membrane, which acts as a vasodilator…making the clitoris more sensitive. 

Damiana: Has one of the strongest reputations for increasing sexual drive. It is primarily used for treating female problems, including poor mammary gland development.

Mexican Wild Yam: In 1936, Japanese scientists discovered that a species of Wild yam, which is remarkably similar to progesterone. Progesterone is the important precursor in the biosynthesis of hormones that also protect against stress. Vitamin E: Adds extra moisture and lubrication. Formulated with pure Vitamin E to provide safe, immediate relief of vaginal dryness.

Per-formä
Per-formä is a natural alternative for men who want greater sexual fulfilment, and a closer bond with their partner. 

Per-formä is a gel for men, and is applied to the penis before sex. It is absorbed through the skin thus increasing blood flow to the area. It can be used as a lubricant and as a sexual stimulant. Because of the increased blood flow, erectile strength is stronger and longer.

The natural ingredients of per-form are

Zizyphi Jujube: This extract has been shown to stimulate the release of nitric oxide in the penis area. Based on the Nobel Prize for Physiology & Medicine in 1998. Sexual function is therefore improved.

Tribulis Terrestus Extract: A natural stimulating herbal extract. This is the key factor is stimulating sexual desire. It has the ability to gently release the hormone testosterone, which is what actually increased sexual desire and function. Horny Goat Weed & Ginseng: A herbal aphrodisiac used by men around the world to extend maximum performance.

For additional information or to purchase our products, please visit our site at www.en-hance.com 

