Newsgroups: perl.modules
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.modules:67687
Return-Path: <brian.d.foy@gmail.com>
Mailing-List: contact modules-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 7190 invoked from network); 17 Sep 2009 15:50:18 -0000
Received: from x1.develooper.com (207.171.7.70)
  by x6.develooper.com with SMTP; 17 Sep 2009 15:50:18 -0000
Received: (qmail 22373 invoked by uid 225); 17 Sep 2009 15:50:17 -0000
Delivered-To: modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 22363 invoked by alias); 17 Sep 2009 15:50:17 -0000
X-Spam-Status: No, hits=-6.8 required=8.0
	tests=RCVD_IN_DNSWL_HI,SPF_NEUTRAL
X-Spam-Check-By: la.mx.develooper.com
Received: from x6.develooper.com (HELO lists.develooper.com) (207.171.7.86)
    by la.mx.develooper.com (qpsmtpd/0.28) with SMTP; Thu, 17 Sep 2009 08:50:11 -0700
Received: (qmail 6925 invoked by uid 515); 17 Sep 2009 15:50:05 -0000
To: modules@perl.org
Subject: The new PAUSE, in my fantasyland
Date: Thu, 17 Sep 2009 10:50:03 -0500
Reply-To: modules@perl.org
Message-ID: <170920091050034422%brian.d.foy@gmail.com>
Organization: The Perl Review, LLC
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-transfer-encoding: 8bit
User-Agent: Thoth/1.7.2 (Carbon/OS X)
X-Posted-By: 69.211.105.149
X-Virus-Checked: Checked
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: brian.d.foy@gmail.com (brian d foy)

Steffen suggests that we improve our workflow, and in my fantasyland
where we have infinite time and resources, I have a particular workflow
in mind. Of course, I've never had any time to do anything about it.

My current PAUSE workflow:
---------------------

I do everything through a newsreader. I get a list of new messages and
either handle them, reply to them, or drop them on the floor. I try to
do it in that order. If I reply to them, I don't handle them unless I
see a follow-up message in modules@perl.org. This mostly works for me.

I like it because nothing gets lost in my personal email; when I have
time to handle PAUSE issues, everything is in one place; and I filter
modules@perl.org so the stuff I handle is at the top of the list. 

It doesn't always work because I don't always get to use my newsreader.
I might be at a hotel with no internet, using a different computer with
different newsgroup history, away from my computer for whatever reason,
and so on. I mostly rely on access to a single, physical computer
because it has the newsreader I want to use and its history. Without my
particular setup, which works for me, I'm completely unmotivated to do
PAUSE work. If I had to do this in a terminal window, I just wouldn't
do it. It's stupid, but it's also true.

Furthermore, people tend to send replies only to me, even though I have
a reply-to: modules@perl.org header, and I note that in the sig. I only
handle PAUSE business once a day. If I forget about the personal
message, it doesn't get done.

If I didn't rely on my newsreader but still had everything I needed to
think about in one place, I can still collaborate with other admins
without emailing them directly, and I only see what I need to handle
during that once-a-day pass,  I'm still effective.

My mega-fantasy workflow
----------------------

Give me a PAUSE admin iPhone/iPod Touch app, and I have something to do
on the train, in an airport, or in a foreign country. Seriously. I'd
even make a targeted donation to TPF for $1000 if I could have this.

I specifically mean an iPhone app with a nice iPhone interface and not
a web page that I have to squint to see.

My dream PAUSE workflow
----------------------

I'd donate to TPF to have someone do this work too, as long as it
wasn't the non-PAUSE implementor making something that he thought was
cool but doesn't fit our workflow.

Ideally, I'd log into a PAUSE page and see a list of open tickets that
I need to think about. People would submit tickets, the PAUSE admins
would have a go at them, and the ones that are above our special powers
we assign to Andreas and we don't see them again. 

The tickets would have various columns I can sort on, including type
and date so I can group the ones I can handle and work through them in
date order. Some tickets I can close from the list view (e.g. "Register
this with no editing"), and some I have to look at. If I'm looking at
the full monty, I have buttons that send me to the next or previous
ticket. Better yet, I'd love a workflow where handling one ticket puts
me into the next one, with navigation aids like next, previous, defer,
assign to andreas. With one click I move onto to the next ticket. Each
ticket type has their own aids. A module registration would  have
"register", but an account reset would have "reset".

I think about half of this can be glue over the existing PAUSE stuff.

People go to a single page in PAUSE that starts a workflow for them.
This should probably be the page they see when they log in, too. They
choose a path that corresponds to their issue (or a free form issue). A
form collects only the special things we need for that issue.
If they are logged in to their account, their PAUSE ID is automatically
populated in the form.

People would get a tracking ID that refers to a stable URL so they can
see what is happening or not happening.

Module registrations that we don't explicitly reject are automatically
registered after some period, say, three weeks.

----
People would be able to submit tickets to PAUSE, but not the sort of
tickets that we are used to with RT, and so on. PAUSE would have a
limited set of very specific tickets that address our most common
tasks:

     0) Register an account
     1) Register this module
     2) Take over a module
     3) Report an indexing bug
     4) Reset an account
     5) Everything else, free form entry

The 0) is already there, and generally collects all the information we
need. The only enhancement might be some fields to ask if the person
has an existing account they can't access, etc.

The 1) is already there, and generally collects all the information.
Since PAUSE does not care about module quality or rationale, really, I
think we just need to modify the form slightly to denote that the
"rationale" part applies to the name. Most of my work is clarifying the
name, often because I don't know all of the issues involved. There can
be a link to "How to choose a good module name", once I finish writing
that doc (four years and going!). This ticket would have the same links
as the email does now, and with Ajaxy goodness so a new page doesn't
load. I click a button and it's registered. Something changes shape or
color. If I need to edit it, I can still do that. If I want to reject
it, I don't close the ticket but other admins can see it. I can also
see the responses from other admins, which I sometimes miss. Most of
the ones that I drop on the floor come from defering to other admins,
which maybe we are all doing, and no one finally registers it.

2) is not there. The biggest problem we have handling takeovers is
pointing people to the 04about and getting their PAUSE ID.  A message
would automatically go to the owner of record for the module (and
possibly all comaintainers). It would be nice to have automatic bounce
detection and note that in the ticket.

After that, I'd like some nice glue so we can have three links like we
have for the module name registrations: a) Pass primary maintainership
of Foo to ID b) Add ID as a comaintainer to Foo c) Put Foo in the
orphanage. There are some issues here since we have to set the bits on
every module in a distro.

3) and 4) is common but not everyday. I mostly don't handle those, but
having the ticket form with links to a troubleshooting guide for the
PAUSE indexer and account stuff might cut down on human-handled issues.

For everything else, 5) is the catchall.

-- 
brian d foy (one of many PAUSE admins), http://pause.perl.org
PAUSE instructions:  http://pause.perl.org/pause/query?ACTION=pause_04about
Archives: http://www.xray.mpe.mpg.de/mailing-lists/modules
Please send all messages back to modules@perl.org with no CC to me.
