Newsgroups: perl.modules
Path: nntp.perl.org
Xref: nntp.perl.org perl.modules:9253
Return-Path: <GimhaeCity@hotmail.com>
Mailing-List: contact modules-help@perl.org; run by ezmlm
Delivered-To: mailing list modules@perl.org
Received: (qmail 87586 invoked by uid 76); 12 Dec 2001 10:03:25 -0000
Received: from [211.197.176.244] (HELO hotmail.com) (211.197.176.244)
  by onion.perl.org (qpsmtpd/0.05) with SMTP; Wed Dec 12 10:03:25 2001 -0000
To: <modules@perl.org>
Subject: This one deserves a second look....
Sender: "Raquel" <GimhaeCity@hotmail.com>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="ISO-8859-1"
Date: Wed, 12 Dec 2001 19:04:38 +0900
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Approved: news@nntp.perl.org
From: GimhaeCity@hotmail.com ("Raquel")
Message-ID: <perl.modules-9253@nntp.perl.org>

Dear Fellow Entrepreneur,

Are you achieving the results that you are trying to achieve with your
online 
business? 

If your current business is offering a product that is a quick and simple 
solution to a problem that concerns most people, most of the time, 
then you would be very happy, and wealthy. WELL DONE. If it is 
not, than unfortunately you are probably not making much money, and 
presumably won't. 

Unfortunately if your product is not a quick and simple solution to a
problem 
that concerns most people, most of the time, then you won't be able to
market to the majority of the Internet population out their will 
you. Anyone who is making any real money out there would have to have
a quick and simple solution to a problem that concerns most people, 
most of the time wouldn't they. Sorry for repeating it so often, but if 
you truly want to make any money through the Internet, then you will need
to 
know this sentence (a quick and simple solution to a problem that concerns 
most people, most of the time) off by heart. 

If you really want to make money using the Internet, than I may be able to 
help you. I say maybe because this business is not for anyone who is not 
going to be committed to making $40,000 in 6 weeks, 
(Quicksmart, which is shown below) and then working towards making
$1,000,000 
in 180 days using a very effective program called Infoshare. 

Both these programs WILL make you money as long as you are committed
to making them successful. 
Others just like you and myself ARE making this kind of money as 
you read this. If you are committed enough to do exactly as I say, then you 
WILL succeed. It is very VERY simple, and I will help you with everything
 you need to know to become successful. I am not successful 
unless you are, so I will not leave you in the dark like others often do. I 
will do everything I can to help you. 

Discover how to make true wealth using the same secrets that the
millionaires 
are using to achieve results and success on the Web. 
Remember the old saying  "If you can't beat them, join them." 
Well this is the same thing. You are about to Learn how the big guns are 
making all that easy money, and how YOU TOO can live a life of good health, 
love, and have all the time in the world to give to yourself and your
family. 

Once if I receive your $5, I will send you the URL address of the
"Lazyman's 
Guide to Success" in Phase 2. 
Once there you will be able to learn all the secrets to success on the Web. 
You will also have access to 3 sensational programs for free, which you will
 use to send out hundreds of E-mail every day. This is what makes this
program 
so different to the ones that are very hard to make successful.
Advertising at various 
classified sites really does not work, does it? So we need to find another
way 
to advertise our business, and sending out bulk E-mail every day to a
targeted
population does work. This program is probably the easiest 
to set up and run, and also the quickest to make great money. 

In Phase 2 you will send out bulk E-mail using 3 very effective programs.
The 
first you will use to extract E-mail addresses from various free
classified web sites. 
The second will sort out your E-mail list that you have just extracted so
that you
will have a clean list of E-mail addresses to send your offer to. Finally
your 
third program will send out your Bulk E-mail. 

Do you agree that this is a much more effective way of advertising then 
placing ads all over different classified web sites, and just receiving
counter offers 
in your inbox? From now on you will still have plenty of E-mail, but it
will be people 
wanting to sign up. Now that is what I call results. 

The last thing, and the most important to be successful, is to DREAM. Dream 
and make goals of what you want to buy for yourself, your family and
friends. 
Dream about where you want to live, go on a holiday, and what kind of car
you have always wanted, and of course, what life will be like when you ARE
a 
MILLIONAIRE. 

This is the most important ingredient to success. Every successful person
does it.
Why? Success WILL NOT come unless you dream and set goals. 
The reason that we set goals and dream is for the simple fact that if you
come 
across a problem, then you should think about your goal or dream. 

This will make you determined enough to seek help and move on. I will be
here to 
help you, so that you can get passed any problem that you may come across. 
No business is perfect, but you can not find a much easier one than this
one.
Once you have fixed the problem, you will move forward and be $1,000,000
richer, 
and your goals and dreams all come true.And of course you will set higher
goals 
and dreams for yourself. 

LET'S GET STARTED SHALL WE!!! 
Yes right now, not tomorrow. Because I know you are keen to be successful. 

Save this E-mail to your hard drive and read it OFFLINE so that you are not 
wasting valuable money on the Internet, and do exactly as it says. Once
you read it, if you have any 
questions with anything, anything at all, than send me an E-mail. 

Once you have made your easy $40,000 in the next 6 weeks, we will than
start 
to set up the real money making machine "Infoshare" so that you can make
$40,000 look like pocket 
money. I look forward to hearing from you, and let success begin. 

PEOPLE HELPING PEOPLE (Quicksmart Program) 
"The key to success" 
(No one can cheat and no one can move ahead of you.) 
PHASE 1: 

This program is designed to make money via Internet - quickly and honestly! 
It is quite new, yet already proven to be most effective. It is truly
exciting, 
with many people now using it, and with so many more still to see it! 

It is not the same as other programs that (only at first) may seem to be 
similar. This program has been designed to avoid all of the traps and all 
of the cheats. You can quickly prove that it is both real and safe,
before you decide to participate. 

NOTE: Please read this complete document to be sure that you fully
understand it.

If I told you I would give you the $1,000,000 to jump out of a plane
without a 
parachute, you would probably say 'No way', right?

You would have missed out on the easiest million dollars in your life as
the 
plane was on the ground. Make sure you know all the facts before deciding. 
Take the time to read it again and again if you have to. E-mail me with
any questions if you remain unsure of anything. Should you decide to 
run it, by following the easy instructions carefully, you will be delighted 
with the results! 

PHASE 1 BEGINS: Prepare to be impressed! 
This program is very powerful - a real money generator on the Web! No other 
program comes close when you need money quickly and honestly. 
You are guaranteed financial success with this opportunity because 
of the method used to CONFIRM the HONESTY of each participant.
However, when most of us first look at this program, we may think its 
just another get rich quick scheme. But it isn't - by reading the details
you 
will see that it is quite different. And only about a week after starting, 
money will start rolling in quickly from all over the world! 

This is a FAIL-SAFE money making program where all cash receipts are 
verifiable in advance, because every participant is held ACCOUNTABLE. 
Every participant gets paid well, Every participant is sure that 
nobody can cheat. That is why I chose to participate. I invite you to do 
likewise. Being fail-safe and cheat proof, what have we got to lose? 
The power of the Internet is here to be used. More and more people are 
using this program to produce a substantial income quickly. 

Expect to earn up to US$40,000 in the next six weeks (MAXIMUM TIME).
We all know that Internet money programs can really work, 
but most of us have major concerns about them: 
1. They are too complex, often requiring large investments. 
2. They require real Internet marketing experience. 
3. There is usually no way of monitoring returns. 
4. There is no way of eliminating cheaters. 

This program solves all of those concerns! It is 100% certain that everyone 
will get paid for participating. This is because we require accountable 
E-mail addresses for all participants. The total cost to you is two US 
$5 Bills, plus postage for just two letters. (Not a lot, no matter what
your 
present circumstances may be.) 

But you spend nothing at all, until you gain E-mail confirmation that the 
sender of this letter has paid! Please read this carefully. 
If you have any questions, feel free to contact me by replying to my E-mail 
address, as the sender of this program. 

The fail-safe mechanism controls the program, so it's impossible for anyone 
to cheat. This way nobody gets hurt and everyone gets paid.
All participants make the money they deserve for their efforts. Read on and 
you will see why. 

The method of accountability used keeps everyone honest. We all get 
our money by building an easy and valuable MAILING LIST. 
Too many programs before this one have no fail-safe method for protecting
the 
honest participants from those who put their names on a list without
sending 
any money. That is what causes such programs to ultimately fail. 

With this program it is IMPOSSIBLE FOR SUCH CHEATING TO HAPPEN. 
If you decide to participate, you will be required to send $5 (US currency) 
to just two of the people on the list shown below, with a note 
asking them to add your name to their Mailing List and send you a copy of, 
"Phase 2". More about that shortly. 

First take the time to SAVE this letter to a word file so that you can edit 
the prescribed areas later if you do decide to join. Once you finish 
reading check the honesty of me and that I have paid my $10. The very first 
step is to E-mail the two people in the Position #1 and Position #2 from
the 
current Accountability List below, and ask them if they have received 
their $5 from me. This is what MAKE'S CERTAIN the success of this
program. You will not send money to me until you KNOW that I have paid 
the people in Positions 1 and 2. 

POSITION #1 
Mikael Mansson
Ringovagen 103
SE-37160 LYCKEBY
SWEDEN
Email: mikael@mansson.net 

POSITION #2 
Michael Warren 
6/70 East Ave 
Black Forest, South Australia 5035 
Australia 
E-mail: wmclife@aol.com 
E-mail to check accountability: mwpaid@aol.com 

The above are the two people I sent my US $5 to, with a note asking them to 
add me to their mailing list and send me Phase 2. 

After you have verified that I am genuine and decide to participate,
address 
an Envelop to the person currently in Position #3 (me), put a $5 bill (US
Currency),
 your name, address, and E-mail address included, on a note that reads 
"Please add my name to your Mailing List and rush Phase 2 to me" 

NOTE: Only the person in Position #3 supplies Phase 2, NEVER any other 
person. 

Also take care to write the names of the addressees correctly. (some
international names can sound a little bit unfamiliar to Americans or
Australians).



POSITION #3 
Steve Starlight
Room 507
Kayajang Motel
1094-6, Eu-Bang Dong
Gimhae City
Busan
Kyung-Nam 
Republic of Korea 621-170
E-Mail: rogers6513@hotmail.com

Again please turn the closest attention to correctly overwriting the
addresses of the persons you will direct a letter with a $5 bill to.

Next, address an envelope to the person in Position #4; enclose a $5 bill, 
your name, address, and E-mail address with a note that states,
"Please add me to your mailing list" 

POSITION #4 
Matthew Jahred 
131 Mainstreet 
Birmingham 
United Kingdom 
E-mail: matthewjad@yahoo.uk.com 

NOW ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS EDIT YOUR COPY OF THIS LETTER AS FOLLOWS: 
FIRST: Move the person currently in POSITION #4 to POSITION #2. Be sure all 
information is copied correctly and completely. (The person originally in
Position #2 is 
now dropped from the list, and has made their $40,000) 

SECOND: Move the person in POSITION #1 to POSITION #4 with all the correct 
information. 
THIRD: Move the person in POSITION #3 to POSITION #1 with all the correct 
information. 
FINALLY: Enter YOUR name, complete address, and E-mail address in to
POSITION 
#3. Please also provide your name and E-mail address at the end of this
letter. 

Remember: You only send the $5 to the names in POSITIONS #3 and #4 on this 
letter DO NOT SEND MONEY TO THE NAMES IN POSITIONS #1 AND #2. 
NOTE: When typing your E-mail address, please remember to be accurate.
Double check! Once you start, there are two simple things you must do 
to make this work for the maximum return in 2 months. 

BE PATIENT at the start! It takes easily a week or so to really get up and 
going, and to start receiving lots of money in your letterbox. 
BUT THEY WILL COME! This is the Internet! YOU WILL DEFINITELY 
MAKE A LARGE SUM OF MONEY WITHIN A FEW WEEKS, and you will 
also have a mailing list service to use yourself, or even to sell. 
That in itself can be valuable. 

THIS PROGRAM IS DESIGNED TO MAKE MONEY FAST! It is very 
INEXPENSIVE to participate in, just compare it to the value of lottery
tickets - where making money is next to impossible! There are no 
postage expenses, other than the two stamps needed to mail your two $5
bills. 
If any of the addresses require overseas mailing, do it via airmail for
speed. 
Think of the power of the program running Internationally! 

There are no name lists, nor other unseen expenses. Other than the two
initial letters, this program operates totally on-line 

FURTHER INFORMATION: 
You may already feel that this program is not what you thought at first,
but 
still remain doubtful or a little unclear about whether or not to have a go.
Unlike so many other programs, you do not send money to four or five people
for reports, recipes, disks, or any other product. Nor do you risk losing
your
time and money. 

This program is less demanding and does not take advantage of the naive. 
Effectively, we all become a team - we know that we must follow the 
rules, and that our teamwork ensures that we all win. This program 
has been set up so that you will succeed. If you do exactly as described, 
then you will succeed, in this business 

To compare this with the many uncontrolled programs: First of all, this 
program has only four controlled, levels - not five, six, seven, or 
more uncontrolled levels like other programs. When you first send this 
program out, you will soon get 40-50 people who send you $5 to join the 
mailing list and to commence their Phase 2. They will do this only 
after they confirm that you have paid your $10. 

To account for curiosity seekers, and people who don't recognize the 
opportunity (not you, of course!), let's say that only 20 people then
actually pursue the program provided. These 20 in the Accountability 
List POSITION #1, and their respondents will be asking YOU if they paid
their $5 dollars. Their active participants will then move your name to 
POSITION #4, WHERE YOU WILL BE RECEIVING $5 notes from 
20 x 20 x 20 people. That's a total of 8,000 people. 8000 X $5 = $40,000! 

Because this is done on the Internet it moves very quickly. Therefore, you 
only need 20 ACTIVE PARTICIPANTS who actually promote this 
program to reach the target. You should advertise/E-mail until 
twice that number of people (40-50) has sent you the $5 and received 
Phase 2 from you via E-mail. At this point, all you will have to do will be
to answer the E-mails saying, "Yes, I have been paid." 

NOTE: Be sure to keep a record of those who have paid and added to your 
mailing list, and respond very quickly to verification requests. You
 will be able to keep your list in alphabetical order with 
Listmanager. (A free program that you will have with Phase 2) 

Remember that you may send this program to people who send you similar 
programs. Many such people are keen and active users of opportunities 
sent to them, and this one is safe, fast and simple. It will not 
appeal to cheats, yet be great for anyone looking for a VERY low cost, fun 
investment. Just keep sending as much E-mail as you possibly can! 
You will be amazed with the responses you get from the Web. 
The Internet is a powerful tool. But remember: we are responsible to the
team. 
That means to everyone who participates both before and after we 
become involved. 

SUMMARY OF THE SIMPLE STEPS TO FOLLOW: 
FIRST: Save this file as your PHASE 1 file, where you can edit the changes. 
(Names, addresses, E-mail address, and position's) 
SECOND: Get two US $5 bills and mail by post ($5 each) to the people listed 
above in Positions 3 and 4, with a request to join their mailing list. 
Note: That cost is your ONLY financial risk 
THIRD: Update the names on the list carefully, as detailed above. YOUR
name, 
address and E-mail address names in at Position #3 (where mine is now).
You then wait for PHASE 2 to arrive in your E-mail box from me. 
This will be sent the same day that your $5 arrives at my home 
address. 

HOW YOUR NAME MOVES THROUGH THE SYSTEM: 
FIRST: Your name starts at Position #3 in Phase 1 - to all of the people
you 
E-mail. You would aim to get about 40 responses, but more would be even 
more profitable. 
SECOND: You will E-mail PHASE 2 out to each person who has sent you $5. You 
will be instructing your respondents to place your name in POSITION #1.
You will then begin receiving inquiries from others asking if you have been 
paid your $5. You will be keeping track of all those who you have been
paid by. 
You won't be receiving much money at this stage (just the $5 you received 
from each person in Phase 1, which will be from $200-$250 or so) 

THIRD: Those people who have just inquired as to whether payment was made
to 
you, will be getting another 20 or more people to participate, 
and your name will then be in POSITION #4. 
This is when you will receive the BIG MONEY 

LAST: Your name will be in Position #2, where you will again be receiving 
inquiries, and you will be likely to answer at this point YES, I AM
$40,000 RICHER.
Many will then participate and make money also. Participation is all that
we 
require for success. Isn't this a brilliant business? We really have the
best, 
because we have created a foolproof and cheat-proof system, where everybody 
has accountability. Your small investment of two $5 bills will reward you 
with $40,000 or more! Once again, please E-mail me if you have any
questions. 
None of us are able to go back for a new beginning. But, we learn and
grow, so all 
of us are able to make a new start. Just do it! Good fortune to all of you
- 
and have fun! 

Do you see how easy it is to make your first $40,000 in 2 months. If you 
don't think it is easy, or don't completely understand it, than read over 
until you do. If you still want some help, then don't hesitate in 
sending me an E-mail. Do NOT leave it. Your financial future depends on it. 

Ok, so where is the $1,000,000 you ask. Well that is an even easier
concept. 
All you need to do is to make sure that at least 10 of your active
participants 
join Infoshare as a Gold partner. This will happen automatically by the
time 
you have your $40,000, because they too will want to make $1,000,000. 
In fact, the majority of participants in Quicksmart will join Infoshare
all by 
themselves, as you will direct them too do so, so that they can make their
$1,000,000. They too will also have at least 10 participants from 
Quicksmart join them in Infoshare, and so on for 6 levels down. All you
need 
to do is make sure that at least 10 of your active participants join
Infoshare 
and the rest will happen. The participants that you have 
recruited will also make sure that they all have 10 in Infoshare, so that 
they will make their $1,000,000. You  will not have to do any more than 
make sure you have 10 Gold members in Infoshare, and within 180 
days, you will be $1,000,000 richer. Just check out "The Compensation Plan" 
at http://wisemulesclub.com/partners/comp.html to find out just how much
you 
will earn. 

Once you decide that you are going to make $1,000,000 in the next 180, you 
have checked the accountability of me, and sent your $10 you will be ready 
to start preparing for Phase 2. Until you receive Phase 2, I want you to 
start collecting URL's of all the free classified web sites you can find.
Why don't 
you start by checking out http://everydaybusinessonline.com/adsites.htm for 
hundreds of free classified web sites to extract your E-mails from. 

Make a list of all the FREE Classified Web site addresses, where 
the E-mail address of the person advertising is in front of you in the 
advertisement. If it does NOT show you the E-mail address and instead has a 
link to access their E-mail address, then do not record that classifieds
URL. 

You will use these URL's to feed your mail finder program, and then it
will extract 
hundreds of E-mail's from these sites. The more classifieds the better.
Once you 
find a free classified web site that has the E-mail address showing, then
click on
your right mouse button, and click on properties. Highlight the URL and
copy it. 
Then paste it into Notepad. Don't save it into Microsoft Word as the 3
programs
used only read from a text document, Notepad. You should find Notepad by 
clicking on your start button, programs, and then accessories. 

Wishing you all the best and here is to success on the web, 
 
Steve Starlight
Room 507
Kayajang Motel
1094-6, Eu-Bang Dong
Gimhae City
Busan
Kyung-Nam 
Republic of Korea 621-170
E-Mail rogers6512@yahoo.com

This one time mailing is sent in compliance with strict anti-abuse and 
NO SPAM regulations. Your address was collected as a result of 
posting to a link,  a classified ad, a message to my FFA Page,
you have sent me an E-mail recently, or you are on a list that 
I have purchased. You may remove your E-mail address at no cost 
to you whatsoever by simply sending an E-mail to
mahaplag6512@firstpobox.com with REMOVE as the subject.
